1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
*
'hello'
-87.8
-
/
+
6

Solution :

* : Expression
'hello' : Values
-87.8 : Values
- : Expresion
/ : Expression
+ : Expression
6 : Values


2. What is the difference between string and variable?

Solution :
String :
It is a data type.
It's a sequence of characters. 
we cannot perform calculation with the Strings.

Variable :
It is a reference to values that have different data types.
It's a naming convention given to the values.
It is a storage for storing data values.

3. Describe three different data types.

Solution :
Python has five standard data types −

Numbers
String
List
Tuple
Dictionary

Numbers :
These data types store numeric values. Number objects are created when you assign a value to them.
ex : int, long, float, complex

Strings:
Strings in Python are identified as a continous sequence of characters represented in the quotation marks.

Lists:
Lists are onw of the important data types. A list contains items separated by commas and enclosed within square brackets ([]).
These contains items of any data type.


4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

Solution :
An expression is a combination of operators, constants and variables.
Expressions are used to calculte or generate the resultant values or to get the final result of the expression.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

Solution :
An expression is a combination of operators, constants and variables.
A statement is an instruction that a Python interpreter can execute.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

Solution :

23

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3

Solution :
'spam' + 'spamspam' it'll give 'spamspamspam'
'spam' * 3 it'll give 'spamspamspam'

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

Solution :
Because a variable name can not start with number.
It should start with any alphabet.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?

Solution : 
integer -> int()
floating-point -> float()
string -> str()

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

Solution :
This expression will cause an error because 99 is not the string we can concatenate only strings using + operator.
So we can fix it by making 99 as string.

'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'

















