1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

Solution : Functions are advantageous to have in our programs because Functions increases Code resusability by simply
calling functions in the program without writing the code again.




2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?

Solution : The code runs in a function when it's called.



3. What statement creates a function?

Solution : To create a function we need to use "def" keyword.
Ex : def fun():
	#code statement




4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

Solution : A Function is a collection of the coding statements which performs specified task. it's helps the programs to 
break into modular chunks. 



5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

Solution : There is only one global scope in a python program, and it exists until the program terminates.
	   And a local scope is create when we call any function.



6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

Solution : When the function call returns the local variables in the function gets expired or we can say the lifetime of variable got ends.




7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?

Solution : Return value refers to the value which returns after calling the specific function of the program.
Ex : def sums(a,b):
	return a+b

Yes it is possible to have a return value in an expression.





8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

Solution : Return value to that function will be None.




9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?

Solution : We can use the global keyword to declare that particular variable in a function as global.





10. What is the data type of None?

Solution : Data type of None keyword is 'NoneType'.







11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?

Solution : the statement import areallyourpetsnamederic imports the module named areallyourpetsnamederic.







12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?

Solution : we can call it spam.bacon().







13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?

Solution : we can put the code in try block to get escaped from crashing.








14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?

Solution : we can put the code in try clause which we are suspecting that it might cause an error.
	   and except clause generally used the caught the exceptions from the code which we had put in try clause.




